Update README.md with setup info (#44)
jboss-set/jira-issue-lottery: README.md

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Set up the app

### Fork the Repository

> For this repository to your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fork this repository to your GitHub account.
```

### Configure JIRA Lottery
1. Write a valid `jira-issue-lottery.yml` config in the `.github` directory in your forked repository.
    - **Valid Config Example:**
      ```yaml
      delay: P14D
      participants:
        - username: The-Huginn
          projects:
            - project: WFLY
              components: [Logging]
              maxIssues: 5
            - project: ELY
              components: [HTTP, Core]
              maxIssues: 3
      ```
   `delay`::
   The duration of the lottery cycle before participants are selected again.
   + Duration as a String in ISO-8601 format, mandatory, no default.
   
   `participants`::
   A list of participants with their preferences for participating in the lottery.
   + List of Participants, mandatory, no default.
   

>    `username`::

Reviewer: I believe this is not yet reflected in main (my fault sorry), but this will most likely end up being an email address instead. We should just keep this in mind and I will try to keep it updated and suggest the change in #40 .

Author: Should I wait until #40 is merged and then edit this PR, or should I change it to an email address now?

Reviewer 2: @The-Huginn can fix this in #40

   The GitHub username of the participant.
   + String, mandatory, no default.
   
   `projects`::
   The list of JIRA projects the participant is interested in, each with specific components and maximum allowed issues.
   + List of Projects, mandatory, no default.
   
   `project`::
   The name of the JIRA project.
   + String, mandatory, no default.
   
   `components`::
   The specific components within the project that the participant is interested in.
   + List of Strings, mandatory, no default.
   
   `maxIssues`::
   The maximum number of issues the participant is willing to take for the specified project and components.
   + Integer, mandatory, no default.

2. Commit and push the changes to your forked repository.

### Configure Application Properties

> 1. Change the value of `jira-issue-lottery.config-file-repo` in the `application.properties` file to the path of your config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the value of `jira-issue-lottery.config-file-repo` in the `application.properties` file to point to a public repository with a valid config file according to first step in [Configuration section](#configure-jira-lottery) such as `https://github.com/jboss-set/jira-issue-lottery`.
```
